You know, Kedokar Machamimid, the great scholar and the great Siddha, the greatest scholar
that we know of all the five sciences or five art of science, major sciences and the five
manual sciences that he master of all those knowledge. But not just only that become the
intellectual on the brain, waves of the brains. What he learned, he absorbed in the heart.
That where we become the Droga, Kedokra Siddha. So he is master, scholar of the scholars and Siddha
of the Siddhas. This great teacher put all the entire practical aspect of the Buddha teaching
so simple, so special that we can use that as daily our practices and we can carry all that
fit and structure pointing out as he said pointing out to the old lady's style is the best way
and we like to make the difference in our lives. That's what he said in the beginning time. So we
move forward with these these teachings. Now with this teaching, with this teaching as I said many
times and you know, but however again following the footsteps of the ichin, those great masters
in numerous schools, they always reject back where we came from when with teachings. So in that way
with this and also reminded of entirely this teaching how much all these things. So this
teaching has simply say like add songs, add great songs and among that add great songs, we
completed
four songs. We went through those. We went through the essential point of the meaning of
teaching that we can highlight that can benefit. Maybe we didn't go word by the words exactly but
as soon as your meaning of this teaching and then of course this is commentaries here too
that you can look to the two commentaries that but it is the essential point highlight of that
and the first one is then positive song is so important to receive the teachings but that is
more important to practice. One of your practices is so important we could put bring all practice
more simple so something that we can handle we can put that into practice not just as a record
or the list of the of the you know our notebooks but something that we can really put make tangible
that's what we need to begin to that and then that is the second and third songs and that third
second third songs is the teachings on the pacifically known as pole renal sessions. All
that regularly also is known as teachings of the buddhas plus for novel through the teaching among
the pole novel through the teaching it is the teachings on the suffering truth and the cause
of suffering truth and kind of reflecting on that wherever and then third so the next one is the
pole
fourth one is the teachings and then we follow the path now path through and then we follow the
path through we will reach the nirvana or the enlightenment and the realization and that is
then there is two stages one stage is known as the kind of spring that all entirely buddha
teaching to simplify that simplify that and which is known as the hundo practices in a general
way practice practice you practice the lineage term hundo practices and that is what all that
port chapter is practice and today is what we begin teachings on the the essentially meanings
of the of the inner thunder teachings teachings on the virtualization and teachings on the
conflict stage is practice teachings that is essentially meanings of the in the particularly
inner tantras and then as well as also essence of the mahayana teachings now what this great
master did and what buddha did actually what buddha did first this teaching was what
teachings we repeat many times is teachings on pole novel truths he gave the teachings on the
pole novel truths pole novel truth is generally very kind of simple it's communicated with us
very quite easily is teachings on the suffering truth and teachings on the cause of suffering
truths why buddha give teaching american before too but buddha don't want to keep something hiding
generally when you go to the expert therapists what they do first they're going to reveal the
all the toxic things that is hidden under our physical or mental states they're going to reveal
that they're going to speak out that you're going to pull out not going to hide that and hide that
and hide that and cover up the cover of gold you're going to bring up that that is post treatment
when we go to i think treatments all this what they call natural things detoxications
when you go to the detoxications first you have to bring up whatever it is toxicated
you have to bring these suffering truth cause of suffering truth they are like trouble matters
they made us talk we're trying to cover up cover up cover up been doing that all the time
since the big list until now trying to cover up but that didn't work put that many lifetimes
nor did this walking in this life we're trying to cover up cover up therefore with courage and
commitment we are going to face into the challenges of the what the reality is so we can uproot and
clean take care so that we're not just a kind of timmities behind the scene trying to hide that is
ego activities ego activities ego is manipulation is in one way is very timothy but it is always
spoiling and diluting that therefore what that's what the Buddha gives the teaching
a first product of teaching is a form of truth once you take care of that aspect of the of the
nature of realities then Buddha went deeper and which is known as second turning will of dharma
and that teaching is something quite beyond of our normal conceptions we can't immediately can
understand that common conception regular duality kind of regimented duality nor cannot accept
immediately and what is that that is known as great emptiness the great emptiness emptiness
of any solid existing things and substantial solid existing things anything external that
exists is true there's no substance that can exist if you look to that these days modern days
through the scientist 100 years ago at the scientific or maybe more than 100 years
scientific began to have began to do the revolutionary in common words they both those
those qualities is there's no substantial solid existence now they're talking about what i don't
know much about but you know more the strength you use all that but there's no substantial solid
existing that that is what is and behind the strength theories what is there
have you go further than strength theories quantum physics is distinct theories what is there
this is not just only there starting areas there but this is all this galaxy the universe
what we see what we think or what we hear the all is the same then not just the only the object is
that but the subject itself one is looking that strength to you one is discovering that the
quantum physics theories that intelligence is the same nothing difference you check that if you
find
nobody find it i'm what's what i've been i've been einstein i've been einstein did not find it
carl carl seagull i think who was great professor in the corner universities i think he didn't find
and i'm you know i'm sure you know more those great now modern those physics quantum physics
scholars they do the same thing even they don't want to omitting of the what the subject is
or they maybe they don't like to hold on to that but there's no difference it's the same
that's what what buddha give the teachings everything is open everything is infinite
everything is freedom there's no structurally regimentally forced and standing resistance
is all open that's what the buddha lead to like to show the nature where things are that's what
again buddha is known as the great teacher who showed exactly where things are for those reasons
buddha you want in the buddha's teaching always not overstated not understated or i use it many
times the world world exaggerated in a deeper case deprecated exactly as it is not hard not
look as it is that is the one that is the the hallmark of the great teacher of the buddha
the greatest symbol of the great teacher or the sign his hallmarks should exactly at is is also
elite that is skillfully as we advancing we are ready to accept we ready to adjust that knowledge
but that's what keeps this and now then it's not just that empty empty in open status now talking
about more now source of all that visions the source of that strength use source of the
content present reasons or the nor of the content reasons nor of the strength use which is what is
that and that is this mind as i said the nature of the mind and strength use or whatever they
form is safe there's no differences but but mind is something more than the what you see in
external
objects the strength use mind has the inconceivable call it and knowledge knowledge and power power
is something unique mind therefore mind is known as then the buddha nature a awakened natural mind
has the awakened energy waking natural which is inseparable with that openness natural
that freedom natural it's not burdened that the awakened energy is not burdened not blocked the
the freedom of the mind the infinite of the mind now from today here the great master
going to begin that teaching how this mind is so special how this mind is so can emanate
anything that what we like to see it is everything and this is mind is everything and mind is your
mind is the center of your your universe and my mind is center of the my universe and mind is
everything from there every our perception conception our activity begins from this
emptiness mind from this awakened mind and therefore mind is a center of our
kingdom or our kingdoms or both it is the hour of yours and that is the what great master begins
in order to begin this again in order to explore this nature this teaching buddha talk third turn
first turning will so the second turning will of dharma and then as well as third turning will of
dharma and then all the video on the teacher the buddha talk now is the same nature is the same
only where we discover where we connect that for nothing naturally change any circumstance
anyways in order to begin this you know